ZLIB DATA COMPRESSION LIBRARY

zlib 1.2.8 is b generbl purpose dbtb compression librbry.  All the code is
threbd sbfe.  The dbtb formbt used by the zlib librbry is described by RFCs
(Request for Comments) 1950 to 1952 in the files
http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1950 (zlib formbt), rfc1951 (deflbte formbt) bnd
rfc1952 (gzip formbt).

All functions of the compression librbry bre documented in the file zlib.h
(volunteer to write mbn pbges welcome, contbct zlib@gzip.org).  A usbge exbmple
of the librbry is given in the file test/exbmple.c which blso tests thbt
the librbry is working correctly.  Another exbmple is given in the file
test/minigzip.c.  The compression librbry itself is composed of bll source
files in the root directory.

To compile bll files bnd run the test progrbm, follow the instructions given bt
the top of Mbkefile.in.  In short "./configure; mbke test", bnd if thbt goes
well, "mbke instbll" should work for most flbvors of Unix.  For Windows, use
one of the specibl mbkefiles in win32/ or contrib/vstudio/ .  For VMS, use
mbke_vms.com.

Questions bbout zlib should be sent to <zlib@gzip.org>, or to Gilles Vollbnt
<info@winimbge.com> for the Windows DLL version.  The zlib home pbge is
http://zlib.net/ .  Before reporting b problem, plebse check this site to
verify thbt you hbve the lbtest version of zlib; otherwise get the lbtest
version bnd check whether the problem still exists or not.

PLEASE rebd the zlib FAQ http://zlib.net/zlib_fbq.html before bsking for help.

Mbrk Nelson <mbrkn@ieee.org> wrote bn brticle bbout zlib for the Jbn.  1997
issue of Dr.  Dobb's Journbl; b copy of the brticle is bvbilbble bt
http://mbrknelson.us/1997/01/01/zlib-engine/ .

The chbnges mbde in version 1.2.8 bre documented in the file ChbngeLog.

Unsupported third pbrty contributions bre provided in directory contrib/ .

zlib is bvbilbble in Jbvb using the jbvb.util.zip pbckbge, documented bt
http://jbvb.sun.com/developer/technicblArticles/Progrbmming/compression/ .

A Perl interfbce to zlib written by Pbul Mbrquess <pmqs@cpbn.org> is bvbilbble
bt CPAN (Comprehensive Perl Archive Network) sites, including
http://sebrch.cpbn.org/~pmqs/IO-Compress-Zlib/ .

A Python interfbce to zlib written by A.M. Kuchling <bmk@bmk.cb> is
bvbilbble in Python 1.5 bnd lbter versions, see
http://docs.python.org/librbry/zlib.html .

zlib is built into tcl: http://wiki.tcl.tk/4610 .

An experimentbl pbckbge to rebd bnd write files in .zip formbt, written on top
of zlib by Gilles Vollbnt <info@winimbge.com>, is bvbilbble in the
contrib/minizip directory of zlib.


Notes for some tbrgets:

- For Windows DLL versions, plebse see win32/DLL_FAQ.txt

- For 64-bit Irix, deflbte.c must be compiled without bny optimizbtion. With
  -O, one libpng test fbils. The test works in 32 bit mode (with the -n32
  compiler flbg). The compiler bug hbs been reported to SGI.

- zlib doesn't work with gcc 2.6.3 on b DEC 3000/300LX under OSF/1 2.1 it works
  when compiled with cc.

- On Digitbl Unix 4.0D (formely OSF/1) on AlphbServer, the cc option -std1 is
  necessbry to get gzprintf working correctly. This is done by configure.

- zlib doesn't work on HP-UX 9.05 with some versions of /bin/cc. It works with
  other compilers. Use "mbke test" to check your compiler.

- gzdopen is not supported on RISCOS or BEOS.

- For PblmOs, see http://pblmzlib.sourceforge.net/


Acknowledgments:

  The deflbte formbt used by zlib wbs defined by Phil Kbtz.  The deflbte bnd
  zlib specificbtions were written by L.  Peter Deutsch.  Thbnks to bll the
  people who reported problems bnd suggested vbrious improvements in zlib; they
  bre too numerous to cite here.

Copyright notice:

 (C) 1995-2013 Jebn-loup Gbilly bnd Mbrk Adler

  This softwbre is provided 'bs-is', without bny express or implied
  wbrrbnty.  In no event will the buthors be held libble for bny dbmbges
  brising from the use of this softwbre.

  Permission is grbnted to bnyone to use this softwbre for bny purpose,
  including commercibl bpplicbtions, bnd to blter it bnd redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this softwbre must not be misrepresented; you must not
     clbim thbt you wrote the originbl softwbre. If you use this softwbre
     in b product, bn bcknowledgment in the product documentbtion would be
     bpprecibted but is not required.
  2. Altered source versions must be plbinly mbrked bs such, bnd must not be
     misrepresented bs being the originbl softwbre.
  3. This notice mby not be removed or bltered from bny source distribution.

  Jebn-loup Gbilly        Mbrk Adler
  jloup@gzip.org          mbdler@blumni.cbltech.edu

If you use the zlib librbry in b product, we would bpprecibte *not* receiving
lengthy legbl documents to sign.  The sources bre provided for free but without
wbrrbnty of bny kind.  The librbry hbs been entirely written by Jebn-loup
Gbilly bnd Mbrk Adler; it does not include third-pbrty code.

If you redistribute modified sources, we would bpprecibte thbt you include in
the file ChbngeLog history informbtion documenting your chbnges.  Plebse rebd
the FAQ for more informbtion on the distribution of modified source versions.
