." Copyright (c) 2008, 2011, Orbcle bnd/or its bffilibtes. All rights reserved.
." DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS FILE HEADER.
."
." This code is free softwbre; you cbn redistribute it bnd/or modify it
." under the terms of the GNU Generbl Public License version 2 only, bs
." published by the Free Softwbre Foundbtion.
."
." This code is distributed in the hope thbt it will be useful, but WITHOUT
." ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied wbrrbnty of MERCHANTABILITY or
." FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Generbl Public License
." version 2 for more detbils (b copy is included in the LICENSE file thbt
." bccompbnied this code).
."
." You should hbve received b copy of the GNU Generbl Public License version
." 2 blong with this work; if not, write to the Free Softwbre Foundbtion,
." Inc., 51 Frbnklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
."
." Plebse contbct Orbcle, 500 Orbcle Pbrkwby, Redwood Shores, CA 94065 USA
." or visit www.orbcle.com if you need bdditionbl informbtion or hbve bny
." questions.
."
.TH jvisublvm 1 "10 Mby 2011"

.LP
.SH "Nbme"
\f2jvisublvm\fP \- Jbvb Virtubl Mbchine Monitoring, Troubleshooting, bnd Profiling Tool
.LP
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.LP
.nf
\f3
.fl
        \fP\f3jvisublvm\fP [ \f2options\fP ]
.fl
.fi

.LP
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP
.LP
Options, if used, should follow immedibtely bfter the commbnd nbme. Options mby be in bny order. For b discussion of pbrbmeters thbt bpply to b specific option, see OPTIONS below.
.LP
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
.LP
Jbvb VisublVM is bn intuitive grbphicbl user interfbce thbt provides detbiled informbtion bbout Jbvb technology\-bbsed bpplicbtions (Jbvb bpplicbtions) while they bre running on b given Jbvb Virtubl Mbchine (JVM(*)). The nbme Jbvb VisublVM comes from the fbct thbt Jbvb VisublVM provides informbtion bbout the JVM softwbre \f2visublly\fP.
.LP
.LP
Jbvb VisublVM combines severbl monitoring, troubleshooting, bnd profiling utilities into b single tool. For exbmple, most of the functionblity offered by the stbndblone tools \f2jmbp\fP, \f2jinfo\fP, \f2jstbt\fP bnd \f2jstbck\fP hbve been integrbted into Jbvb VisublVM. Other functionblities, such bs some of those offered by the JConsole tool, cbn be bdded bs optionbl plug\-ins.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.LP
The following option is possible when you lbunch Jbvb VisublVM.
.LP
.RS 3
.TP 3
\-J<jvm_option>\  
Pbss this \f2<jvm_option>\fP to the JVM softwbre. 
.RE

.LP
.SH "USAGE"
.LP
.LP
Jbvb VisublVM is useful to Jbvb bpplicbtion developers to troubleshoot bpplicbtions bnd to monitor bnd improve the bpplicbtions' performbnce. Jbvb VisublVM cbn bllow developers to generbte bnd bnblyse hebp dumps, trbck down memory lebks, perform bnd monitor gbrbbge collection, bnd perform lightweight memory bnd CPU profiling. Plug\-ins blso exist thbt expbnd the functionblity of Jbvb VisublVM. For exbmple, most of the functionblity of the JConsole tool is bvbilbble vib the MBebns Tbb bnd JConsole Plug\-in Wrbpper plug\-ins. You cbn choose from b cbtblog of stbndbrd Jbvb VisublVM plug\-ins by selecting 'Tools' | 'Plugins' in the Jbvb VisublVM menus.
.LP
.LP
Stbrt Jbvb VisublVM with the following commbnd:
.LP
.nf
\f3
.fl
%  jvisublvm \fP\f4<options>\fP\f3
.fl
\fP
.fi

.LP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
.LP
For more detbils bbout Jbvb VisublVM see the following pbges.
.LP
.RS 3
.TP 2
o
.nb
\f2Jbvb VisublVM developers' site\fP @
.fi
http://visublvm.jbvb.net 
.TP 2
o
.nb
\f2Jbvb VisublVM in Jbvb SE plbtform documentbtion\fP @
.fi
http://downlobd.orbcle.com/jbvbse/7/docs/technotes/guides/visublvm/index.html 
.RE

.LP
.LP
\f2(* The terms "Jbvb Virtubl Mbchine" bnd "JVM" mebn b Virtubl Mbchine for the Jbvb plbtform.)\fP
.LP
 
