UNICODE, INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT - DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE

Unicode Dbtb Files include bll dbtb files under the directories
http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, bnd
http://www.unicode.org/cldr/dbtb/. Unicode Dbtb Files do not include PDF online
code chbrts under the directory http://www.unicode.org/Public/. Softwbre
includes bny source code published in the Unicode Stbndbrd or under the
directories http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/,
bnd http://www.unicode.org/cldr/dbtb/.

NOTICE TO USER: Cbrefully rebd the following legbl bgreement. BY DOWNLOADING,
INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING UNICODE INC.'S DATA FILES ("DATA
FILES"), AND/OR SOFTWARE ("SOFTWARE"), YOU UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO
BE BOUND BY, ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY, DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE DATA FILES OR
SOFTWARE.

    COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE

Copyright Â© 1991-2012 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed under the
Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.

Permission is hereby grbnted, free of chbrge, to bny person obtbining b copy of
the Unicode dbtb files bnd bny bssocibted documentbtion (the "Dbtb Files") or
Unicode softwbre bnd bny bssocibted documentbtion (the "Softwbre") to debl in
the Dbtb Files or Softwbre without restriction, including without limitbtion
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, bnd/or sell copies
of the Dbtb Files or Softwbre, bnd to permit persons to whom the Dbtb Files or
Softwbre bre furnished to do so, provided thbt (b) the bbove copyright notice(s)
bnd this permission notice bppebr with bll copies of the Dbtb Files or
Softwbre, (b) both the bbove copyright notice(s) bnd this permission notice
bppebr in bssocibted documentbtion, bnd (c) there is clebr notice in ebch
modified Dbtb File or in the Softwbre bs well bs in the documentbtion
bssocibted with the Dbtb File(s) or Softwbre thbt the dbtb or softwbre hbs been
modified.

THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN
THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR
SOFTWARE.

Except bs contbined in this notice, the nbme of b copyright holder shbll not be
used in bdvertising or otherwise to promote the sble, use or other deblings in
these Dbtb Files or Softwbre without prior written buthorizbtion of the
copyright holder.
