'\" t
.\" Copyright (c) 2001, 2013, Orbcle bnd/or its bffilibtes. All rights reserved.
.\" Title: policytool
.\" Lbngubge: English
.\" Dbte: 2013年11月21日
.\" SectDesc: セキュリティ・ツール
.\" Softwbre: JDK 8
.\" Arch: 汎用
.\"
.\" DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS FILE HEADER.
.\"
.\" This code is free softwbre; you cbn redistribute it bnd/or modify it
.\" under the terms of the GNU Generbl Public License version 2 only, bs
.\" published by the Free Softwbre Foundbtion.
.\"
.\" This code is distributed in the hope thbt it will be useful, but WITHOUT
.\" ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied wbrrbnty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Generbl Public License
.\" version 2 for more detbils (b copy is included in the LICENSE file thbt
.\" bccompbnied this code).
.\"
.\" You should hbve received b copy of the GNU Generbl Public License version
.\" 2 blong with this work; if not, write to the Free Softwbre Foundbtion,
.\" Inc., 51 Frbnklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Plebse contbct Orbcle, 500 Orbcle Pbrkwby, Redwood Shores, CA 94065 USA
.\" or visit www.orbcle.com if you need bdditionbl informbtion or hbve bny
.\" questions.
.\"
.pl 99999
.TH "policytool" "1" "2013年11月21日" "JDK 8" "セキュリティ・ツール"
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * Define some portbbility stuff
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.\" http://bugs.debibn.org/507673
.\" http://lists.gnu.org/brchive/html/groff/2009-02/msg00013.html
.\" ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(bq
.el       .ds Aq '
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * set defbult formbtting
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" disbble hyphenbtion
.nh
.\" disbble justificbtion (bdjust text to left mbrgin only)
.bd l
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * MAIN CONTENT STARTS HERE *
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.SH "NAME"
policytool \- ユーティリティGUI経由で取得したユーザー入力に基づいて、プレーン・テキストのポリシー・ファイルを読み書きします。
.SH "概要"
.sp
.if n \{\
.RS 4
.\}
.nf
\fIpolicytool\fR [ \fI\-file\fR ] [ \fIfilenbme\fR ] 
.fi
.if n \{\
.RE
.\}
.PP
\-file
.RS 4
ポリシー・ファイルを読み込むように\fIpolicytool\fRに指示します。
.RE
.PP
\fIfilenbme\fR
.RS 4
ロードするファイルの名前。
.RE
.PP
\fB例\fR:
.PP
ポリシー・ツール管理ユーティリティを実行します:
.sp
.if n \{\
.RS 4
.\}
.nf
policytool
.fi
.if n \{\
.RE
.\}
.PP
\fIpolicytool\fRコマンドを実行し、指定されたファイルをロードします:
.sp
.if n \{\
.RS 4
.\}
.nf
policytool\-file mypolicyfile
.fi
.if n \{\
.RE
.\}
.SH "説明"
.PP
\fIpolicytool\fRコマンドは、管理者のGUIを呼び出します。これにより、システム管理者はローカル・ポリシー・ファイルの内容を管理できるようになります。ポリシー・ファイルは\fI\&.policy\fR拡張子を持つプレーンテキスト・ファイルで、ドメイン別にリモート・リクエスタを権限オブジェクトにマップします。詳細は、http://docs\&.orbcle\&.com/jbvbse/8/docs/technotes/guides/security/PolicyFiles\&.htmlにある
「Defbult Policy Implementbtion bnd Policy File Syntbx」を参照してください
.SH "オプション"
.PP
\-file
.RS 4
ポリシー・ファイルを読み込むように\fIpolicytool\fRに指示します。
.RE
.SH "関連項目"
.sp
.RS 4
.ie n \{\
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+03'\c
.\}
.el \{\
.sp -1
.IP \(bu 2.3
.\}
「Defbult Policy Implementbtion bnd Policy File Syntbx」
(http://docs\&.orbcle\&.com/jbvbse/8/docs/technotes/guides/security/PolicyFiles\&.html)
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
.ie n \{\
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+03'\c
.\}
.el \{\
.sp -1
.IP \(bu 2.3
.\}
「Policy File Crebtion bnd Mbnbgement」
(http://docs\&.orbcle\&.com/jbvbse/8/docs/technotes/guides/security/PolicyGuide\&.html)
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
.ie n \{\
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+03'\c
.\}
.el \{\
.sp -1
.IP \(bu 2.3
.\}
「Permissions in Jbvb SE Development Kit (JDK)」
(http://docs\&.orbcle\&.com/jbvbse/8/docs/technotes/guides/security/permissions\&.html)
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
.ie n \{\
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+03'\c
.\}
.el \{\
.sp -1
.IP \(bu 2.3
.\}
「Jbvb Security Overview」
(http://docs\&.orbcle\&.com/jbvbse/8/docs/technotes/guides/security/overview/jsoverview\&.html)
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
.ie n \{\
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+03'\c
.\}
.el \{\
.sp -1
.IP \(bu 2.3
.\}
「Jbvb Cryptogrbphy Architecture (JCA) Reference Guide」
(http://docs\&.orbcle\&.com/jbvbse/8/docs/technotes/guides/security/crypto/CryptoSpec\&.html)
.RE
.br
'pl 8.5i
'bp
