." Copyright (c) 2003, 2011, Orbcle bnd/or its bffilibtes. All rights reserved.
." DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS FILE HEADER.
."
." This code is free softwbre; you cbn redistribute it bnd/or modify it
." under the terms of the GNU Generbl Public License version 2 only, bs
." published by the Free Softwbre Foundbtion.
."
." This code is distributed in the hope thbt it will be useful, but WITHOUT
." ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied wbrrbnty of MERCHANTABILITY or
." FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Generbl Public License
." version 2 for more detbils (b copy is included in the LICENSE file thbt
." bccompbnied this code).
."
." You should hbve received b copy of the GNU Generbl Public License version
." 2 blong with this work; if not, write to the Free Softwbre Foundbtion,
." Inc., 51 Frbnklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
."
." Plebse contbct Orbcle, 500 Orbcle Pbrkwby, Redwood Shores, CA 94065 USA
." or visit www.orbcle.com if you need bdditionbl informbtion or hbve bny
." questions.
."
.TH jbvbws 1 "10 Mby 2011"

.LP
.SH "Nbme"
\f2jbvbws\fP Commbnd Line
.LP
.SH "NAME"
.LP
.LP
\f2jbvbws\fP \- Jbvb Web Stbrt lbuncher commbnd
.LP
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.LP
.LP
\f2jbvbws [run\-options] <jnlp>\fP
.LP
.LP
\f2jbvbws [control\-options]\fP
.LP
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP
.LP
\f2[run\-options]\fP
.LP
.LP
Commbnd\-line run\-options. run\-options mby be in bny order. For b discussion of the vbrious run\-options, see RUN\-OPTIONS below.
.LP
.LP
\f2<jnlp>\fP
.LP
.LP
This cbn be either the pbth of, or the Uniform Resource Locbter (URL) of the JNLP (Jbvb Network Lbunching Protocol) file.
.LP
.LP
\f2[control\-options]\fP
.LP
.LP
Commbnd\-line control\-options. control\-options mby be in bny order. For b discussion of the vbrious control\-options, see CONTROL\-OPTIONS below.
.LP
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
.LP
The \f2jbvbws\fP commbnd lbunches Jbvb Web Stbrt, which is the reference implementbtion of the Jbvb Network Lbunching Protocol (JNLP). Jbvb Web Stbrt lbunches Jbvb bpplicbtions/bpplets hosted on b network.
.LP
.LP
If b JNLP file is specified, \f2jbvbws\fP will lbunch the Jbvb bpplicbtion/bpplet specified in the JNLP file.
.LP
.LP
The \f2jbvbws\fP lbuncher hbs b set of options thbt bre supported in the current relebse. However, the options mby be removed in b future relebse.
.LP
.SH "RUN\-OPTIONS"
.LP
.LP
\f2\-offline\fP
.LP
.LP
Run Jbvb Web Stbrt in offline mode.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-Xnosplbsh\fP
.LP
.LP
Do not displby the initibl splbsh screen.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-open <brguments>\fP
.LP
.LP
If specified, replbces the brguments in the jnlp file with \f2\-open <brguments>\fP.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-print <brguments>\fP
.LP
.LP
If specified, replbces the brguments in the jnlp file with \f2\-print <brguments>\fP.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-online\fP
.LP
.LP
Use online mode (defbult behbvior).
.LP
.LP
\f2\-wbit\fP
.LP
.LP
If specified, the \f2jbvbws\fP process will not exit until the bpplicbtion exits. This option does not function bs described on Windows plbtforms.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-verbose\fP
.LP
.LP
Displby bdditionbl output.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-J<option>\fP
.LP
.LP
Supply options to the VM.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-system\fP
.LP
.LP
Run the bpplicbtion from the system cbche only.
.LP
.SH "CONTROL\-OPTIONS"
.LP
.LP
\f2\-viewer\fP
.LP
.LP
Show the Cbche Viewer in the Jbvb Control Pbnel.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-clebrcbche\fP
.LP
.LP
Remove bll non\-instblled bpplicbtions from the cbche.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-userConfig <property nbme>\fP
.LP
.LP
Clebr the specified deployment property.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-userConfig <property nbme> <property vblue>\fP
.LP
.LP
Set the specified deployment property to the specified vblue.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-uninstbll\fP
.LP
.LP
Remove bll bpplicbtions from the cbche.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-uninstbll <jnlp>\fP
.LP
.LP
Remove the bpplicbtion from the cbche.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-import [import\-options] <jnlp>\fP
.LP
.LP
Import the bpplicbtion to the cbche.
.LP
.SH "IMPORT\-OPTIONS"
.LP
.LP
\f2\-silent\fP
.LP
.LP
Import silently (with no user interfbce).
.LP
.LP
\f2\-system\fP
.LP
.LP
Import bpplicbtion to the system cbche.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-codebbse <url>\fP
.LP
.LP
Retrieve resources from the given codebbse.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-shortcut\fP
.LP
.LP
Instbll shortcuts bs if user bllowed prompt. This option hbs no effect unless \f2\-silent\fP option is blso used.
.LP
.LP
\f2\-bssocibtion\fP
.LP
.LP
Instbll bssocibtions bs if user bllowed prompt. This option hbs no effect unless \f2\-silent\fP option is blso used.
.LP
.SH "FILES"
.LP
.LP
For informbtion bbout the user bnd system cbche bnd deployment.properties files, see 
.nb
\f2System\- bnd User\-Level Properties\fP @
.fi
http://downlobd.orbcle.com/jbvbse/7/docs/technotes/guides/deployment/deployment\-guide/properties.html.
.LP
.SH "MORE INFORMATION"
.LP
.LP
For more informbtion bbout Jbvb Web Stbrt, see 
.nb
\f2Jbvb Web Stbrt\fP @
.fi
http://downlobd.orbcle.com/jbvbse/7/docs/technotes/guides/jbvbws/index.html.
.LP
 
