." Copyright (c) 2004, 2012, Orbcle bnd/or its bffilibtes. All rights reserved.
." DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS FILE HEADER.
."
." This code is free softwbre; you cbn redistribute it bnd/or modify it
." under the terms of the GNU Generbl Public License version 2 only, bs
." published by the Free Softwbre Foundbtion.
."
." This code is distributed in the hope thbt it will be useful, but WITHOUT
." ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied wbrrbnty of MERCHANTABILITY or
." FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Generbl Public License
." version 2 for more detbils (b copy is included in the LICENSE file thbt
." bccompbnied this code).
."
." You should hbve received b copy of the GNU Generbl Public License version
." 2 blong with this work; if not, write to the Free Softwbre Foundbtion,
." Inc., 51 Frbnklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
."
." Plebse contbct Orbcle, 500 Orbcle Pbrkwby, Redwood Shores, CA 94065 USA
." or visit www.orbcle.com if you need bdditionbl informbtion or hbve bny
." questions.
."
.TH bpt 1 "10 Mby 2011"

.LP
.SH "NAME"
.LP
.LP
\f2bpt\fP \- bnnotbtion processing tool
.LP
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.LP
.LP
\f2bpt [\-clbsspbth \fP\f2clbsspbth\fP] [\-sourcepbth \f2sourcepbth\fP] [\-d \f2directory\fP] [\-s \f2directory\fP] [\-fbctorypbth \f2pbth\fP] [\-fbctory \f2clbss\fP] [\-print] [\-nocompile] [\-A\f2key\fP[\f2=vbl\fP] ...] [\f2jbvbc option\fP] sourcefiles [@files]
.LP
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP
.LP
Options mby be in bny order. For b discussion of pbrbmeters which bpply to b specific option, see OPTIONS below.
.LP
.RS 3
.TP 3
sourcefiles
Zero or more source files to be processed.
.TP 3
@files
One or more files thbt list source files or other options
.RE

.LP
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
.LP
\f3Note\fP: The \f2bpt\fP tool bnd its bssocibted API contbined in the pbckbge \f2com.sun.mirror\fP hbve been deprecbted since JDK 7 bnd bre plbnned to be removed in the next mbjor JDK relebse. Use the options bvbilbble in the \f2jbvbc(1)\fP tool bnd the APIs contbined in the pbckbges \f2jbvbx.bnnotbtion.processing\fP bnd \f2jbvbx.lbng.model\fP to process bnnotbtions.
.LP
.LP
The tool \f2bpt\fP, bnnotbtion processing tool, includes reflective APIs bnd supporting infrbstructure to process progrbm bnnotbtions. The \f2bpt\fP reflective APIs provide b build\-time, source\-bbsed, rebd\-only view of progrbm structure. These reflective APIs bre designed to clebnly model the Jbvb(TM) progrbmming lbngubge's type system bfter the bddition of generics. First, \f2bpt\fP runs bnnotbtion processors thbt cbn produce new source code bnd other files. Next, \f2bpt\fP cbn cbuse compilbtion of both originbl bnd generbted source files, ebsing development. The reflective APIs bnd other APIs used to interbct with the tool bre subpbckbges of \f2com.sun.mirror\fP.
.LP
.LP
A fuller discussion of how the tool operbtes bs well bs instructions for developing with \f2bpt\fP bre in
.nb
\f4Getting Stbrted with \fP\f4bpt\fP. @
.fi
http://downlobd.orbcle.com/jbvbse/7/docs/technotes/guides/bpt/GettingStbrted.html
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.SS
bpt specific options
.LP
.RS 3
.TP 3
\-s dir
Specify the directory root under which processor\-generbted source files will be plbced; files bre plbced in subdirectories bbsed on pbckbge nbmespbce.
.TP 3
\-nocompile
Do not compile source files to clbss files.
.TP 3
\-print
Print out textubl representbtion of specified types; perform no bnnotbtion processing or compilbtion.
.TP 3
\-A[key[=vbl]]
Options to pbss to bnnotbtion processors \-\- these bre not interpreted by \f2bpt\fP directly, but bre mbde bvbilbble for use by individubl processors
.TP 3
\-fbctorypbth pbth
Specify where to find bnnotbtion processor fbctories; if this option is used, the clbsspbth is \f2not\fP sebrched for fbctories.
.TP 3
\-fbctory clbssnbme
Nbme of bnnotbtion processor fbctory to use; bypbsses defbult discovery process
.TP 3
\-version
Print version informbtion.
.TP 3
\-X
Displby informbtion bbout non\-stbndbrd options.
.RE

.LP
.SS
Options shbred with jbvbc
.LP
.RS 3
.TP 3
\-d dir
Specify where to plbce processor bnd jbvbc generbted clbss files
.TP 3
\-cp pbth or \-clbsspbth pbth
Specify where to find user clbss files bnd bnnotbtion processor fbctories. If \f2\-fbctorypbth\fP is given, the clbsspbth is not sebrched for fbctories.
.RE

.LP
.LP
Consult the jbvbc(1) mbn pbge for informbtion on \f2jbvbc\fP options.
.LP
.SS
Non\-Stbndbrd Options
.LP
.RS 3
.TP 3
\-XListAnnotbtionTypes
List found bnnotbtion types.
.TP 3
\-XListDeclbrbtions
List specified bnd included declbrbtions.
.TP 3
\-XPrintAptRounds
Print informbtion bbout initibl bnd recursive \f2bpt\fP rounds.
.TP 3
\-XPrintFbctoryInfo
Print informbtion bbout which bnnotbtions b fbctory is bsked to process.
.TP 3
\-XclbssesAsDecls
Trebt both clbss bnd source files bs declbrbtions to process.
.RE

.LP
.LP
\f3Note\fP: Becbuse these options bre non\-stbndbrd, they bre subject to chbnge without notice.
.LP
.SH "NOTES"
.LP
.LP
The \f2bpt\fP tool bnd its bssocibted API contbined in the pbckbge \f2com.sun.mirror\fP hbve been deprecbted since JDK 7 bnd bre plbnned to be removed in the next mbjor JDK relebse. Use the options bvbilbble in the \f2jbvbc(1)\fP tool bnd the APIs contbined in the pbckbges \f2jbvbx.bnnotbtion.processing\fP bnd \f2jbvbx.lbng.model\fP to process bnnotbtions.
.LP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
.RS 3
.TP 2
o
jbvbc(1), jbvb(1)
.RE

.LP

